solid black
solid green
solid red
solid white
solid yellow
horizontal black red black
horizontal black red
horizontal black yellow black
horizontal black yellow
horizontal green red green
horizontal green red
horizontal green white green white
horizontal green white green
horizontal green white
horizontal orange white
horizontal red green red green
horizontal red green red
horizontal red green
horizontal red white red white
horizontal red white red
horizontal red white
horizontal white green
horizontal white orange
horizontal white red
horizontal yellow black yellow
horizontal yellow black
horizontal yellow brown yellow
horizontal yellow red yellow
vertical red white
vertical white orange
vertical yellow blue