solid black
solid blue
solid green
solid grey
solid pink
solid red
solid white
solid yellow
horizontal black red black
horizontal black red
horizontal black white black
horizontal black white
horizontal black yellow black
horizontal black yellow
horizontal green red green
horizontal green white green white
horizontal green white green
horizontal green white
horizontal red green red green
horizontal red green red
horizontal red white red white
horizontal red white red
horizontal red white
horizontal white black
horizontal white green
horizontal white red
horizontal yellow black yellow
horizontal yellow black
horizontal yellow brown yellow
horizontal yellow red yellow
